Refactor ManifoldsBase to a two-level dispatch design (#91)
JuliaManifolds/ManifoldsBase.jl: docs/src/design.md

To do so, we “decorate” the manifold by making it an [`AbstractDecoratorManifold`](@ref) and activating the right traits see [the example](@ref manifold-tutorial).

The explicit case of the [`EmbeddedManifold`](@ref) can be used to distinguish different embeddings of a manifold, but also their dispatch (onto the manifold or its embedding, depending on the type of embedding) happens here.

Note that all other parameters of a function should be as unspecific as possible on this layer.

With respect to the [dispatch on one argument at a time](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Dispatch-on-one-argument-at-a-time) paradigm, this layer dispatches the _manifold first_, but here we stay oon an abstract type level.

This layer ends usually in calling the same functions like `retract` but prefixed with a `_` to enter Layer II.

!!! note
    Usually only functions from this layer are exported from the interface, since these are the ones one should use for generic implementations. If you implement your own manifold, `import` the necessary lower layer functions as needed.

### [Layer II: An internal dispatch interface for parameters](@id design-layer2)

> This layer is an interims layer to dispatch on the (optional/default) parameters of a function like the retraction:
> [`retract`](@ref) has a last parameter that determines the type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer is an interim layer to dispatch on the (optional/default) parameters of a function.
For example the last parameter of retraction: [`retract`](@ref) determines the type (variant) to be used.
```

Note that this layer is an internal one. It is automatically called for functions with parameters to dispatch on.

It should only be extended when introducing new such parameter types, for example when introducing a new type of a retraction.

The functions from this layer should never be called directly, are hence also not exported and carry the `_` prefix.
They should only be called as the final step in the previous layer.

If the default parameters are not dispatched per type, using `_` might be skipped.
The following resolution might even be seen as a last step in layer I or the resolution here in layer II.

```julia
exp(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, t::Real) = exp(M, p, t * X)
```

When there is no dispatch for different types of the optional parameter (here `t`), the `_` might be skipped.
One could hence see the last code line as a definition on Layer I that passes directly to Layer III, since there are not parameter to dispatch on.

To close this section, let‘s look at an example. The high level (or level I) definition of the retraction is given by

```julia

> retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, m::AbstractRetractionMethod=default_retraction_method(M)) = _retract(M,p,X,m)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, m::AbstractRetractionMethod=default_retraction_method(M)) = _retract(M, p, X, m)
```

```

This level now dispatches on different retraction types. It usually passes to specific functions implemented in Layer III,
here for example

```julia

> _retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, m::Exponentialretraction) = exp(M,p,X)
> _retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, m::PolarRetraction) = retract_polar(M,p,X)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, m::Exponentialretraction) = exp(M, p, X)
_retract(M::AbstractManifold, p, X, m::PolarRetraction) = retract_polar(M, p, X)
```

```

or the [`PolarRetraction`](@ref) which dispatches to [`retract_polar`](@ref).

For further details and dispatches, see [retractions and inverse retractions](@ref sec-retractions) for an overview.

!!! note
    The documentation should be attached to the high level functions, since this again fosters ease of use.

>     If yuo implement a polar retraction, you should write a function `polar_retract` but the doc string should be attached to `retract(::M, ::P, ::V, ::PolarRetraction)` for your types `::M, ::P, ::V` of the manifold, points and vectors, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you implement a polar retraction, you should write a method of function `retract_polar` but the doc string should be attached to `retract(::M, ::P, ::V, ::PolarRetraction)` for your types `::M, ::P, ::V` of the manifold, points and vectors, respectively.
```

To summarize, with respect to the [dispatch on one argument at a time](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Dispatch-on-one-argument-at-a-time) paradigm, this layer dispatches the (optional) _parameters second_.

### [Layer III: The base layer with focus on implementations](@id design-layer3)

This lower level aims for the actual implementation of the function avoiding ambiguities.
It should have as few as possible optional parameters and as concrete as possible types.
This means

* the function name should be similar to its high level parent (for example `retract` and `retract_polar`  above)
* The manifold type in method signature should always be as narrow as possible.

> * the points/vectors should either be untyped (for the default representation of if there is only one implementation) or provide all types concretely (for second representations or when using [`AbstractManifoldPoint`](@ref) and [`TVector`](@ref TVector)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The points/vectors should either be untyped (for the default representation or if there is only one implementation) or provide all type bounds (for second representations or when using [`AbstractManifoldPoint`](@ref) and [`TVector`](@ref TVector)).
```

> The first step that might happen on this level is, that an allocating function allocates memory and calls the mutating function. If faster, it might also implement the function at hand itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step that often happens on this level is memory allocation and calling the mutating function. If faster, it might also implement the function at hand itself.
```
What is the second sentence supposed to mean?

Usually functions from this layer are not exported, when they have an analogue on the first layer. For example the function [`retract_polar`](@ref)`(M, p, X)` is not exported, since when using the interface one would use the [`PolarRetraction`](@ref) or to be precise call [`retract`](@ref)`(M, p, X, PolarRetraction())`.
When implementing your own manifold, you have to import functions like these anyways.

To summarize, with respect to the [dispatch on one argument at a time](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Dispatch-on-one-argument-at-a-time) paradigm, this layer dispatches the _concrete manifold and point/vector types last_.

## Mutating and allocating functions

Every function, where this is applicable should provide a mutating and an allocating variant.

> For example for the exponential map `exp(M,p,x)` returns a _new_ point `q` where the result is computed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example for the exponential map `exp(M, p, X)` returns a _new_ point `q` where the result is computed in.
```

On the other hand `exp!(M, q, p, X)` computes the result in place of `q`, where the design of the implementation

> should keep in mind that also `exp!(M,p,p,X)` should correctly overwrite `p`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should keep in mind that also `exp!(M, p, p, X)` should correctly overwrite `p`.
```

The difference can be most easily seen in the following example:

```julia
julia> x = similar([[1.0], [2.0]])
2-element Array{Array{Float64,1},1}:
 #undef
 #undef

julia> y = allocate([[1.0], [2.0]])
2-element Array{Array{Float64,1},1}:
 [6.90031725726027e-310]
 [6.9003678131654e-310]

julia> x[1]
ERROR: UndefRefError: access to undefined reference
Stacktrace:
 [1] getindex(::Array{Array{Float64,1},1}, ::Int64) at ./array.jl:744
 [2] top-level scope at REPL[12]:1

julia> y[1]
1-element Array{Float64,1}:
 6.90031725726027e-310
```

The function [`allocate_result`](@ref ManifoldsBase.allocate_result) allocates a correct return value. It takes into account the possibility that different arguments may have different numeric [`number_eltype`](@ref) types thorough the [`allocate_result_type`](@ref ManifoldsBase.allocate_result_type) function.
The most prominent example of the usage of this function is the logarithmic function [`log`](@ref) when used with typed points.
Lets assume on a manifold `M` the have points of type `P` and corresponding tangent vector types `V`.
then the logarithmic map has the signature

```julia
log(::M, ::P, ::P)
```

> but the return type would be ``V``, whose internal sizes (fields/arrays) will depend on the concrete type of one of the points. This is accomplished by omplementing a `allocate_result(::M, ::typeof(log), ::P, ::P)`that returns the concrete variable for the return. This way, even with specific types, one just has to implement `log!` and the one line for the allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but the return type would be ``V``, whose internal sizes (fields/arrays) will depend on the concrete type of one of the points. This is accomplished by implementing a method `allocate_result(::M, ::typeof(log), ::P, ::P)` that returns the concrete variable for the result. This way, even with specific types, one just has to implement `log!` and the one line for the allocation.
```

The following three design patterns aim to fulfill the criteria from above, while
also avoiding ambiguities in multiple dispatch using the [dispatch on one argument at a time](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Dispatch-on-one-argument-at-a-time) approach.

## General order of parameters

Since the central element for functions on a manifold is the manifold itself, it should always be the first parameter, even for mutating functions. Then the classical parametzers of a function (for example a point and a tangent vector for the retraction) follow and the final part are parameters to further dispatch on, which usually have their defaults.

## A 3-Layer architecture for dispatch

The general architecture consists of three layers

* The high level interface for ease of use – and to dispatch on other manifolds
* an interims layer to dispatch on different parameters in the last section

> * the lowest layer with a specific manifold and no optional parameters for performance

Author: I do not want to motivate a user to use the low level interface - since we might still change that (without affecting the high level interface).

> * the lowest layer with a specific manifold and no optional parameters for performance

Author: I rephrased this and removed the performance note.
